DAOS-16487 test: fix dmg c helper for set-faulty changes (#15151) (#15261)
daos-stack/daos: docs/admin/administration.md

[nvme-faulty command options]
      -u, --uuid=     Device UUID to set
      -f, --force     Do not require confirmation
      -l, --host=     Single host address <ipv4addr/hostname> to connect to
```

To manually evict an NVMe SSD (auto eviction is covered later in this section),
the device state needs to be set faulty by running the following command:
```bash
$ dmg storage set nvme-faulty --host=boro-11 --uuid=5bd91603-d3c7-4fb7-9a71-76bc25690c19
NOTICE: This command will permanently mark the device as unusable!
Are you sure you want to continue? (yes/no)
yes

> set-faulty operation performed successfully on the following host: wolf-310:10001

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set-faulty operation performed successfully on the following host: boro-11:10001
```
